README.md, before:

# TicTacAI
Tic Tac Toe with some AI Stuff

=Requirements=
1) Execution only on local system
2) Different Types of opponents
2.a) Human vs. Human
2.b) Human vs. AI
2.c) AI vs. AI
3) Different Types of AI
3.a) Rule Based AI
3.b) Reinforcement Learning AI
3.b.I) 9 Inputs with -1 0 and 1
3.b.II) 27 Inputs
3.c) Full Supervised AI
4) Statistics
5) Training of AI
6) Storage and Reload functions of trained AI and Statistics (for continues Training)
=Design=
@Obsolete as the design switched to Rabbit MQ
The Design should handle the different requirements. For this the requirements have to split the software into sepate modules:
1) The Game with the game logic and an entry point for player types
1.1) There should be a view to the game board and statistics
1.2) The Rules should be managed by the game
1.3) For the Training there should be a possibility to start a number of sequential games
1.4) every participant of a game should get the information in the same way (you/free/opponent)
2) The Player should be connected via an interface to the game
2.1) The implementation of the player should offer all possibilities to use this interface (GPU Access vor KI / GUI for Human)
2.2) The Interface Implementation should not be connected to the game other than the interface
2.3) It shouldn't matter witch symbol is assigned to an implementation
=Implementation=
==Rulesets==
All Rules and Calculations are implementet as static methods in FieldCalculator
The value of an field is calculated as follows
1) sum score of every line (horizontal, vertical, diagonal)
2) within a line 
2.1) own symbol counts 1
2.2) opponent symbol counts -1
2.3) free symbol counts 0
2.4) opponent has max line count -1, this line value is doubled
2.5) own number of symbols are max line count, this line value is squared
==Interfaces==
There are two main interfaces. The Observer, and the Player. The Player extends the Observer.
An Observer could be an GUI for viewing a game, or write a statistic, while the player could be an GUI for humans or an AI with or without NN
===Observer===
Has to do the following
1) Start a new Game
2) Update the field
3) introduce player IDs
===Player extends Observer===
1) iniialize an action (take the next move), asynchron (for Human or NN)
2) Introduce an observer, the game comtroller
===Game Controller===
For testing purposes losing the coupling
1) get the action from the player
==Communication==
00 Server: StartSession
01 Server:Registration open
02 Client 1:Register: ID1
03 Server:ID: Registration success
04 Client 2:Register: ID1
05 Server:ID:Registration Rejected
06 Client 2:Register: ID2
07 Server:ID: Registration success
08 Server: @all:Start Game
Client 1: PlayerReady
Client 2: PlayerReady
09 Server: ID1: your turn:
10 Client 1: Set:X:Y
11 Server (move OK): @all:set:ID1:X:Y
12 Server (move NOK): ID1:Move Rejected
13 |-> Back to 10
14 Server: ID2: your turn
15 Client 2: Set:X:Y
16 Server (move OK): @all:set:ID2:X:Y
17 Server (move NOK): ID2:Move Rejected
18 |-> Back to 15
19 Server (Game ended) @all:game Done:ID1/ID2/Tie
20 Server (Session ended) @all:statistics:ID1=N;ID2=M;Tie=K (with N wins of ID1, M wins of ID2 and K ties)
21 Server (Game Continue)-> 10

Commit message:

Finished python framework to interact with the Java System

README.md, after:

# TicTacAI
Tic Tac Toe with some AI Stuff

=Requirements=
1) Execution only on local system
2) Different Types of opponents
2.a) Human vs. Human
2.b) Human vs. AI
2.c) AI vs. AI
3) Different Types of AI
3.a) Rule Based AI
3.b) Reinforcement Learning AI
3.b.I) 9 Inputs with -1 0 and 1
3.b.II) 27 Inputs
3.c) Full Supervised AI
4) Statistics
5) Training of AI
6) Storage and Reload functions of trained AI and Statistics (for continues Training)
=Design=
@Obsolete as the design switched to Rabbit MQ
The Design should handle the different requirements. For this the requirements have to split the software into sepate modules:
1) The Game with the game logic and an entry point for player types
1.1) There should be a view to the game board and statistics
1.2) The Rules should be managed by the game
1.3) For the Training there should be a possibility to start a number of sequential games
1.4) every participant of a game should get the information in the same way (you/free/opponent)
2) The Player should be connected via an interface to the game
2.1) The implementation of the player should offer all possibilities to use this interface (GPU Access vor KI / GUI for Human)
2.2) The Interface Implementation should not be connected to the game other than the interface
2.3) It shouldn't matter witch symbol is assigned to an implementation
=Implementation=
==Rulesets==
All Rules and Calculations are implementet as static methods in FieldCalculator
The value of an field is calculated as follows
1) sum score of every line (horizontal, vertical, diagonal)
2) within a line 
2.1) own symbol counts 1
2.2) opponent symbol counts -1
2.3) free symbol counts 0
2.4) opponent has max line count -1, this line value is doubled
2.5) own number of symbols are max line count, this line value is squared
==Interfaces==
There are two main interfaces. The Observer, and the Player. The Player extends the Observer.
An Observer could be an GUI for viewing a game, or write a statistic, while the player could be an GUI for humans or an AI with or without NN
===Observer===
Has to do the following
1) Start a new Game
2) Update the field
3) introduce player IDs
===Player extends Observer===
1) iniialize an action (take the next move), asynchron (for Human or NN)
2) Introduce an observer, the game comtroller
===Game Controller===
For testing purposes losing the coupling
1) get the action from the player
==Communication==
00 Server: StartSession
01 Server:Registration open
02 Client 1:Register: ID1
03 Server:ID: Registration success with internal PlayerID playerA or playerB
04 Client 2:Register: ID1
05 Server:ID:Registration Rejected
06 Client 2:Register: ID2
07 Server:ID: Registration success
08 Server: @all:Start Game
Client 1: PlayerReady
Client 2: PlayerReady
09 Server: ID1: your turn:
10 Client 1: Set:X:Y
11 Server (move OK): @all:set:ID1:X:Y
12 Server (move NOK): ID1:Move Rejected
13 |-> Back to 10
14 Server: ID2: your turn
15 Client 2: Set:X:Y
16 Server (move OK): @all:set:ID2:X:Y
17 Server (move NOK): ID2:Move Rejected
18 |-> Back to 15
19 Server (Game ended) @all:game Done:ID1/ID2/Tie
20 Server (Session ended) @all:statistics:ID1=N;ID2=M;Tie=K (with N wins of ID1, M wins of ID2 and K ties)
21 Server (Game Continue)-> 10
